Updated custom VCL documentation (#6833)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/fastly-vcl-whitelist.md

---
group: cloud-guide
title: Custom VCL for allowing requests
redirect_from:
   - /cloud/configure/fastly-vcl-whitelist.html
functional_areas:
  - Cloud
  - Setup
---

You can use the a Fastly Edge ACL list in combination with custom VCL code snippet to filter incoming requests and allow access by IP address. The ACL list specifies the IP addresses to allow.

> Create an allowlist to limit access to your Staging environment so that only requests from specified IP addresses for internal developers and approved external services are permitted. You can also create an allowlist to secure access to the Magento Admin UI on Staging and Production environments.

Reviewer: The "allowlist" looks like a reserved word, UI element, or something, unless it needs a space. Depending, this may need an emphasis of sorts. (I know what it is, but it is first occurrence on the page, so might need a little more attention.)

> Create an allowlist to limit access to your Staging environment so that only requests from specified IP addresses for internal developers and approved external services are permitted. You can also create an allowlist to secure access to the Magento Admin UI on Staging and Production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
Create an allow list to limit access to your Staging environment so that only requests from specified IP addresses for internal developers and approved external services are permitted. You can also create an allow list to secure access to the Magento Admin UI on Staging and Production environments.
```

The following example shows how to use a custom VCL snippet with a [Fastly Access Control List (ACL)](https://docs.fastly.com/guides/access-control-lists/about-acls) to secure access to the Magento Admin UI for a {{ site.data.var.ece }} project environment. When you add the custom VCL snippet to the Cloud enviroment, Fastly allows only requests from IP addresses included in the ACL.

{:.bs-callout-tip}
For Staging and Integration environments that should not be publicly accessible, you can use the HTTP access control option available in the [Magento Cloud Project UI]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/project/project-webint-branch.html#security) to manage access to the entire site by IP address.

**Prerequisites:**

-  Configure the {{ site.var.data.ece }} environment for Fastly services. See [Set up Fastly]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html).

-  Get Magento Admin UI credentials for your {{ site.data.var.ece }} environment.

> -  List of client IP addresses to include on the allowlist

Reviewer: This is the only line in the list without punctuation.

}
```

> Before creating your own snippet from this example, review the values to determine whether you need to make any changes:

Reviewer: "your own"
